Update CHANGELOG.asciidoc (#32944)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

=== Beats version 8.4.0
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v8.3.3\...v8.4.0[View commits]

==== Known Issue 

> *Auditbeat* 

Author: Add return for proper formatting

> Auditbeat/auditd integration may send malformed data and crash in version 8.4.0. {issue}32818[32818]

Author: ```suggestion
Auditbeat/auditd integration will send malformed data and may crash in version 8.4.0. {issue}32818[32818]
```

Suggested resolution:

> Do not start Auditbeat or auditd integration on Elastic Agent at version 8.4.0, and immediately upgrade to 8.4.1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not start Auditbeat or auditd integration on Elastic Agent at version 8.4.0. Skip 8.4.0 and upgrade directly to 8.4.1. 
```
